---
{"dg-publish":true,"dg-path":"Lily Reverie/Characters/01. MG1 - Main Cast/Azure.md","permalink":"/lily-reverie/characters/01-mg-1-main-cast/azure/","created":"2024-01-20T03:06:50.397-03:00","updated":"2024-01-20T03:25:35.389-03:00"}
---

>[!error] Warning
>This is probably somewhat outdated!

---

Currently the treasurer of the Student Council. Used to be bullied in the past, but after certain happenings she was finally left in peace and the last time someone tried to bully her was a long time ago. Has the best grades of her year.

Social anxiety turbo mode, basically. Azure has a lot of nervousness in regards to socialization and social interactions are the easiest way to make her nearly go mad. Very shy and endured shit because of not knowing how to deal with it. Hates normalfags but still wishes she had more friends, or at least used to wish that in the past, anyway. People sometimes ask her for help on studies since she is, again, literally the top of her grade, and she always complies. Not out of being a pushover, if anything it’s mostly because doing that has its own benefits (nets her friendly acquaintances, helps her improve her social skills, ends up being good for her own learning retention, teaching is kind of fun, makes people respect and/or admire her more, ego. Moslty just for the egoboost, really).

Somewhat surprisingly considering how much of a social wreck she is, at least to people who don’t know her well, Azure has quite the big ego and a high self-esteem. Yeah, she knows her social skills suck and she finds her anxiety very frustrating, but she still likes herself a lot despite all that, especially since social skills are something she can improve anyway and not a fixed bad trait. She borders on arrogance sometimes, but it’s something she tends to keep for herself and only expresses to [[005. Projects/Lily Reverie/Characters/01. MG1 - Main Cast/Scarlett\|Scarlett]] (who she knows doesn’t mind), some of her online friends and on imageboards. Also an Internet dweller, of course. Pretty much an awkward tech-head since she loves stuff about both technology and magitech in general and is very knowledgeable about it, even knows how to program a few things. Would love to be either a NEET, a hikikomori or both, but mostly just a hikikomori. Likes games a bit, but isn’t nearly as much into it as [[005. Projects/Lily Reverie/Characters/01. MG1 - Main Cast/Bianca\|Bianca]] and [[005. Projects/Lily Reverie/Characters/01. MG1 - Main Cast/Akatai\|Akatai]] are. Really likes horror games though and in general loves stuff like gore, creepypasta and so on. Also can be kind of edgy sometimes, which is something that only slips when it’s with someone she’s comfortable with, and at other times just says stuff that is simply creepy or just disturbing without realizing that it creeps others out (usually [[005. Projects/Lily Reverie/Characters/01. MG1 - Main Cast/Juniper\|Junie]]). Slightly depressed, too. She is kind of horny as well and consuming so many doujins probably influenced her… fetishes and train of thought quite a bit. Plays the piano.

Actually a pretty tranquil and chill friend once you get past her shyness, which isn’t an easy thing to do. Extremely close with Scarlett, who tries to help Azure with her social issues. Teases Scarlett about her fake personas thing and makes quips about it very frequently, mostly because she doesn’t find it healthy at all and just wants to see Scarlett being fine, especially since she loves the true Scarlett, not the bullshit persona.

Her grades are the result of both studying a lot and of learning things more or less easily. She finds the content taught at the Academy genuinely interesting, too, so it’s not like it’s a chore for her to study. Also factors in heavily the fact she loves seeing that she got the top1 spot and ego-tripping with it. Might be the strongest motivation of hers, even.

Hates being called a killer whale. More specifically, the “killer” part is okay and kind of pretty cool in her opinion, but the whale part is plainly wrong and stupid according to her because orcas aren’t whales! They’re more closely related to dolphins, after all. She is self-conscious about the fact she has a fucking blowhole.