---
{"dg-publish":true,"dg-path":"Lily Reverie/Characters/01. MG1 - Main Cast/Bianca.md","permalink":"/lily-reverie/characters/01-mg-1-main-cast/bianca/","created":"2024-01-20T03:06:50.397-03:00","updated":"2024-01-20T04:49:05.242-03:00"}
---

>[!error] Warning
>This is probably somewhat outdated!

---

Bianca is… kind of complicated to describe without getting into more detailed parts of the setting and of the worldbuilding, but I think saying she is the princess and will become the Queen soon already explains the gist of it well enough. That fact leads to almost everyone at school constantly being fake and sucking her dick (or rather, her vag?) to gain her sympathy all the time. It also led to her having a somewhat sheltered home bringing and getting lots of manners education.

Which she completely loathes. Bianca hates being nobility, royalty, princess and future Queen. Bianca hates formalities, hates having to be polite, feminine and perfect all the time, hates that she can’t even cut her hair the way she wanted to. But she was educated with these things in mind, so she always has to try to be a proper lady. Emphasis on “try”, though even in opportunities she can be genuine she usually doesn’t feel comfortable and worries about being weird. Actually somewhat genki, not at Aya levels but still very agitated and loves being a trickster/playing pranks on others/being playful, plus when she acts the way she wants she is pretty much a tomboy with an actual, legit aversion to feminine things. Still appreciates cute things, romance and fairy tales a lot though, but won’t admit it unless required to or if there’s no way to deny it anymore. Still, mostly because she likes fantasizing about a prince saving her from being queen and fleeing together, or something like that. Pretty gay. And speaking of denial, she’s kind of bad with dealing with or even understanding feelings and is pretty much a tsundere, even if she’s usually in the dere mode it’s not hard at all to trigger her tsun outbursts if you know what you’re doing, and was nicknamed “the tsundere princess” by a few people (AKAtai. AKA [[005. Projects/Lily Reverie/Characters/01. MG1 - Main Cast/Akatai\|Akatai]]. Get it? I’m sorry). And again, speaking of denial, fairies in general aren’t particularly but her family was specifically very religious and this, of course, influenced her upbringing and didn’t make a very pretty combo due to the fact she is lesbian. Not that she knows she is, anyway, as she is far-deep in repression and ends up being homophobic because of it kind of frequently, with especially [[005. Projects/Lily Reverie/Characters/01. MG1 - Main Cast/Lalin\|Lalin]] getting the short end of the stick more than any of the other girls since Lalin openly admits to being gay.

Since she is very into games AND is homophobic, you can say she is a true gamer™! As she grew up pretty sheltered, her parents let her play games as a compensation for the fact she never played outside of her house, though they were the ones who got to choose that games Bianca would play at first. And even the shitty games her parents got for her were enough to make her love gaming a goddamn lot, and as she got older, they gave her more privacy and she managed to smuggle games her parents wouldn’t let her play usually, or then she would play at one of the few friends she had’s house. Part of the reason she loves games a lot is that she can live in them something that isn’t the royalty bullshit that constitutes her real life, plus in many of them she can actually look the way she wants and she feels more free when playing them without any worries. Very skilled at swapping to cute things whenever she is playing some bloody FPS and her parents are going to her room before they can catch her playing “improper” things. Likes writing some very simple things. Kinda innocent and clueless.

Absolutely short, her species should be minuscule but fairy nobility has different biology from regular fairies so she is just small (around 147cm).

Already called [[005. Projects/Lily Reverie/Characters/01. MG1 - Main Cast/Juniper\|Junie]] “mom” by mistake once. Also addicted to energy drinks.

---
[[005. Projects/Lily Reverie/Characters/01. MG1 - Main Cast/Aya\|Aya]]