---
{"dg-publish":true,"dg-path":"Lily Reverie/Characters/01. MG1 - Main Cast/Juniper.md","permalink":"/lily-reverie/characters/01-mg-1-main-cast/juniper/","created":"2024-01-20T03:06:50.397-03:00","updated":"2024-01-21T01:41:29.930-03:00"}
---

>[!error] Warning
>This is probably somewhat outdated!

---

AKA Junie, which is what pretty much everyone calls her and she seems to call herself that as well. Practically the Academy’s official big sis/nee-san and she’s very popular, especially after turning into a third year, which just increases the big sis appeal of hers. And she does, in fact, enjoy being seen as that and constantly tries to sound specifically like a cool big sis, but her attempts to be cool constantly fail, especially because she is very clumsy so even if she delivers the cool line perfectly, there’s 50/50 chances that right after that she'll stumble on something and fall on the ground or something like that. Still manages to be a bit of a cool nee-san though and has a reasonable amount of fangirls who are completely deserved nevertheless. The fangirls also stem from the fact that she flirts playfully all the time, and joke or not it still makes their hearts flutter, especially since her flirting is successful in general, unlike [[005. Projects/Lily Reverie/Characters/01. MG1 - Main Cast/Aya\|Aya]]’s which tends to end up in some theory of hers. In fact, a lot of current Junie fangirls used to be Aya fangirls initially, and then there’s a few girls who like them both. Occasionally gets very flustered at her own flirting, which happens mostly when someone flirts back.

Not too social nor too introverted, which is part of the reason her popularity isn’t too big, but friendly nevertheless. Girls of the Academy frequently ask Junie for advice or just vent with her, which she always complies with, even if the person is a stranger. And if this makes her sound like a pushover… Well, you’re half-right, she had a past of being one indeed, but got over it and only rarely struggles with that nowadays. Decided that she wants to work or major in something related to psychology because she genuinely finds it fascinating and wants to try helping others.

Surprisingly not as emotional as you’d expect and even stays calm and level-headed during most situations, including crisis. Also not as feminine as you’d expect, actually dressing in a somewhat boyish way [although she is very unstable, so you could see her wearing masculine clothes one day and on the other day wearing a feminine dress] and her hobbies being stuff like sports, action shit in general, capeshit [inherited from her parents which are something like Westaboos] and so on. Actually very fit and even has abs, plus has some slight health nut tendencies. Being fit and tall definitely helped with her popularity, yes. She’s also slightly mischievous and likes to do some friendly teasing, though she never goes as far as the other girls do. Junie is a bit bad at studying, but still will call others out when they’re slacking too much, even if it’s usually met with a “right back at you” kind of reply.

She’s childhood friends with [[005. Projects/Lily Reverie/Characters/01. MG1 - Main Cast/Akatai\|Akatai]] and thanks to Akatai’s influence she’s far from being a complete normie even if she seems like one, which is probably the reason Akatai is still her friend [other than her loyalty]. Understands Akatai needs her own alone time and knows better than to bother her, leaving her to do her things when she wants to and hanging out whenever Akatai is in the mood. Actually was the one who got Akatai into running originally, always insisting Akatai is way too sedentary and lazy so it’d be good for her to try doing a physical activity. Got some of her sense of humor from Akatai.

Some girls wonder how much of her playful flirting is just a joke and if some of it isn’t actual, serious flirting. Those girls are usually part of her fanbase though, so take it with a grain of salt, it might be just wishful thinking of theirs.

---
[[005. Projects/Lily Reverie/Characters/01. MG1 - Main Cast/Akatai\|Akatai]]