---
{"dg-publish":true,"dg-path":"Lily Reverie/Characters/01. MG1 - Main Cast/Lalin.md","permalink":"/lily-reverie/characters/01-mg-1-main-cast/lalin/","created":"2024-01-20T03:06:50.397-03:00","updated":"2024-01-20T03:25:47.504-03:00"}
---

>[!error] Warning
>This is definitely reasonably outdated!

---

Among the most unpopular and disliked girls at the Academy, to the point of receiving the lovable nickname “fenrir bitch”. This happens because she honestly doesn’t give a crap about pleasing others, which leads to being brutally honest, very direct and even rude sometimes. Doesn’t help that overall she is a somewhat cold person, or at the very least less openly warm as your average girl at school. If she doesn’t like you and you’re bothering her, she WILL be an asshole. If you’re trying to befriend her but she dislikes you, she WILL be rude as a way to force you to go away. She’s usually pretty aware that she’s probably being rude and isn’t bad at reading social cues, it’s just that, for her, being nice really isn’t in her list of priorities. At all.

She’s polite to those she believes that deserve politeness though, and tends to respect non-shitty authorities. This, coupled with her actually being very competent and a good student, led to being pretty well-liked by the teachers, no matter the student body hating her. If she likes you and you don’t annoy her much she is surprisingly chill though, and she tends to be extremely loyal. If you get past her general mistrust of people, she isn’t as closed a person as you’d expect, just private and won’t bring up her own personal matters unless someone asks her about it. Actually can be an awfully perceptive person and tends to figure out if something is wrong kind of quickly. Her high grades come more from having a good memory and overall wit rather than studying a lot, though she’s good at studying anyway.

Very good friends with [[005. Projects/Lily Reverie/Characters/01. MG1 - Main Cast/Aya\|Aya]], for example, despite the constant Aya bullshit getting on her nerves sometimes since thankfully Aya doesn’t mind Lalin’s sarcastic quips or criticisms, so it’s all-in-all fine to deal with the harpy. Aya is also exceptionally sincere due to being stupid, and Lalin appreciates honesty a lot, so they get along pretty well. And Aya is too dumb to actually get offended with Lalin’s insults, so she has some sort of natural resistance towards Lalin’s personality.

Loves cute things and cute girls very much. She’s still capable of maintaining her composure near those, but it’s sure to crack and make her act a bit more idiotically than usual. Cute flat short girls are the ones she internally fawns over the most, which she doesn’t tend to externalize too much but also doesn’t mind admitting to at all. She’s also very into fashion and aesthetically pleasing things in general, to the point she tanned her skin, though she honestly doesn’t care about what others find pretty, just what SHE does. Likes dressing in a mostly classy, elegant way. She also tends to read a lot of books, supposedly writes as well but refuses to show anything she writes to anyone. She is technologically illiterate though and terrible with magic as well. Has a room full of cute plushies. Doesn’t mind admitting her penchant for cutesy things though, though she still tends to keep it to herself, much like everything she does. Likes to customize her own stuff and making accessories, wants to try learning sewing someday as well.

Doesn’t talk about herself or her past much, and most people are too intimidated to ask her in detail about anything. One of the few things known is that she used to have a girlfriend and that Lalin clearly still harbors feelings for her ex, but not much is known about her ex herself. She also openly admits that she is gay.